Add documentation for CC CORS (#4030)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/cruise-control/ref-cruise-control-configuration.adoc

    # ...
----

[[cors-configuration]]
[discrete]
== Cross-Origin Resource Sharing configuration

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) allows you to specify allowed methods and originating URLs for accessing REST APIs.

By default, CORS is disabled for the Cruise Control REST API.
When enabled, only `GET` requests for read-only access to the Kafka cluster state are allowed.

> his means that external applications, which are running in different origins than the Strimzi components, cannot make `POST` requests to the Cruise Control API.

Reviewer: Typo line 49: his.

> However, those applications can make GET requests to access read-only information about the Kafka cluster, such as the current cluster load or the most recent optimization proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, those applications can make `GET` requests to access read-only information about the Kafka cluster, such as the current cluster load or the most recent optimization proposal.
```

.Enabling CORS for Cruise Control

> You enable CORS in `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You enable and configure CORS in `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl.config`. 
For example:
```

    # ...
----

> [[cors-configuration]]

Reviewer: Add `[discrete]` after line 43.

> == Cross-origin resource sharing configuration

Reviewer 2: I would use capital letters for making CORS ... "Cross-Origin Resource Sharing configuration"

> 

Reviewer: _Add a general definition of CORS in a separate paragraph:_

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) allows you to specify allowed methods and originating URLs for accessing REST APIs.

> By default, cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) for Cruise Control is disabled and can only be enabled for read-only access.

Reviewer 2: ditto as above

> By default, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for Cruise Control is disabled and can only be enabled for read-only access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CORS is disabled for the Cruise Control REST API. 
When enabled, only `GET` requests for read-only access to the Kafka cluster state are allowed. 
```

> This means that applications running in origins different from Strimzi components cannot send POST requests to the Cruise Control API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that external applications, which are running in different origins than the Strimzi components, cannot make `POST` requests to the Cruise Control API. 
```

> However, these same applications can still send GET requests to the Cruise Control API when cors is enabled for Cruise Control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, those applications can make GET requests to access read-only information about the Kafka cluster, such as the current cluster load or the most recent optimization proposal. 
```

> This prevents third-party applications from manipulating Kafka cluster state through Cruise Control without Strimzi approval but still allows third-party applications to access read-only cluster information from Cruise Control.

Reviewer: Do we need to say anything about how Strimzi "approves" a CORS request? It feels like some information is missing here.

If nothing else is needed, then I think we can lose the sentence (line 49).

> 

Reviewer: _Add a sub-heading and a new sentence:_

.Enabling CORS for Cruise Control

You enable CORS in `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl.config`.

> .An example of enabling Cruise Control CORS

Reviewer: I think line 51 can be deleted.

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaApiVersion}
kind: Kafka
metadata:
  name: my-cluster
spec:
  # ...
  cruiseControl:
    # ...

>     config:

Reviewer: Are there any more configuration options for CORS? For example, how do you configure the allowed origins, like you can for the Kafka Bridge?

      webserver.http.cors.enabled: true
    # ...
----

> 

Reviewer: _Add a link to the Wiki:_

For more information, see [REST APIs](https://github.com/linkedin/cruise-control/wiki/REST-APIs) in the Cruise Control Wiki.
